The paper addresses prompt-conditioned open-vocabulary 3D scene
instance reconstruction and language-guided object localization for
embodied robots. The proposed system, SPEAR-3D, has two stages. A
category-guided streaming reconstruction module feeds an inference-time
prompt vocabulary to SAM3, binds precomputed CLIP text embeddings to
the resulting masks, and lifts them into a 3D instance library using
the OnlineAnySeg reconstruction backend. A neuro-symbolic grounding
module (NS-Grounding) then uses an LLM to parse a referring expression
into a query graph, and scores injective mappings from the query graph
onto a geometry-derived scene graph using a library of hand-designed
spatial relation scorers. The authors report 10 FPS streaming
reconstruction.

- Additional literature review is requested to better position
NS-grounding, e.g., Z. Yuan et al (ZSVG3D, CPVR 24) and Q. Yuan et al.
(CSVG, arXiv 24).
ZSVG3D parses a referring expression with an LLM. The view-dependent
and view-independent relation modules are directly analogous to the
proposed scorer library. CSVG formulates grounding as constraint
satisfaction over spatial relations. There are others such as
LLM-Grounder, VLM-Grounder, SeeGround, and BBQ, which might be
relevant. Please position NS-Grounding explicitly with respect to this
line of work and state what is new relative to it. Eq. (9) is
additionally a standard attributed graph matching objective and should
carry a citation.

References: 
- Visual Programming for Zero-shot Open-Vocabulary 3D Visual Grounding.
Zhihao Yuan, Jinke Ren, Chun-Mei Feng, Hengshuang Zhao, Shuguang Cui,
Zhen Li
https://github.com/CurryYuan/ZSVG3D

@article{yuan2024solving,
      title={Solving Zero-Shot 3D Visual Grounding as Constraint
Satisfaction Problems}, 
      author={Yuan, Qihao and Zhang, Jiaming and Li, Kailai and
Stiefelhagen, Rainer},
      journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2411.14594},
      year={2024}
}
https://github.com/sunsleaf/CSVG

- The paper adopts several aspects from the existing paper OnlineAnySeg
[6]. The reconstruction contribution appears to be weak as it appears
to be component swap. Relative to OnlineAnySeg, the delta is SAM3 in
place of CropFormer and label-bound text embeddings in place of
per-crop CLIP features. An ablation study of OnlineAnySeg backend with
SAM3 masks and per-crop CLIP features, versus the proposed label
binding would strengthn the claim. Currently, it is not clear if the AP
gain is due to the better 2D segmentation backbone.

- Acc@0.3 and Acc@0.5 are centroid distance thresholds in meters
instead of Intersection over Union (IoU). In the ReferIt3D protocol the
reported quantity is selection accuracy over ground-truth proposals.
"Acc@k" with a numeric threshold is the ScanRefer/IoU convention. They
dont match here. Without units, metres is inferable only from "MeanDist
of 0.96 m" in Sec. IV-C-b.

- Under the stated centroid-distance definition, Acc@0.3 &#8804;
Acc@0.5 must hold by set inclusion. But GLM-5 without NS-Grounding on
SR3D reports 52.5/51.9, which is impossible under the distance reading
and consistent only with an IoU convention. Please correct the entry or
clarify the metric, and add units to the labels.

- The grounding evaluation contains no external baseline. Every row of
Table II is the proposed system with NS-Grounding toggled. To
strengthen the contribution claim at least one prior zero-shot
grounding method should be run on the the reconstructions.

- Timing and baseline numbers require justification. OnlineAnySeg
reports 15 FPS, however, Table I says 4. This undermines the efficiency
claim. Please report hardware, keyframe interval, and a per-stage
timing breakdown for both systems, noting that SAM3 is considerably
heavier than CropFormer. The remaining rows of Table I appear to be
transcribed from OnlineAnySeg Table 1 and should be credited as such.

- From Table II, the SR3D columns, Qwen3-plus with NS-Grounding is the
worst of the three on both accuracies. It leads only on MeanDist. Yet
Sec. IV-C-b calls it the best result. The 65.9 in the abstract and
contribution list is the weakest SR3D number. The best scores should be
bold.

- Section III-B4, the following are not defined: gamma_xy in (11), rho
and r-star in (12), a_xy in (13), g_z in (14), the scene-adaptive
normalization scales, and the numerical values of tau_wall, tau_mid,
tau_align. The operators U, Pi, and R in (4), (5), and (7) are likewise
undefined or not precisely stated mathematically.

- Eq. (9) does not balance node and relation terms as claimed. With
unnormalized sums, the effective ratio is lambda_u |V_Q| to lambda_e
|E_Q|, so the Table III conclusion that the two contribute equally at
lambda_u = 0.50 does not follow. Averaging each term and re-sweeping
lambda_u is needed. The paper also never states how the optimal
injective mapping is computed. With edge terms this appears to be a
quadratic assignment problem, and the algorithm and candidate set size
should be given.


Minor Comments


- Fig. 1 labels OnlineAnySeg as OFFLINE while Table I marks it Online.
The distinction between "streaming" and "online" is never defined,
though the positioning depends on it.

- FCGF, voxel-hashed TSDF, and TSDF fusion are used but uncited. Ref
[24] cites the 2022 GLM pretraining paper for GLM-5. Qwen3-plus and
deepseek-v3.2 are uncited. Ref [23] is malformed. Refs [3], [10], and
[17] now have published versions (ICLR 2025, RSS 2023, ICCV 2025).

- The abstract leads with AP25 of 60.4 while AP is 22.6. Please report
AP as the primary metric.

- On SceneNN the method loses to OnlineAnySeg on all three metrics and
to MaskClustering on AP and AP50. Sec. IV-C-a attributes this to
SceneNN's incomplete annotations without evidence. If categories are
missing from the inventory, the prompt vocabulary was set to that same
inventory (Sec. IV-A), so the loss seems to be a direct consequence of
the design rather than a dataset artefact. Please support the claim
quantitatively or state it as a limitation.

- Typos: "are method" (Section I), "inference phrase" for "inference
phase", "structred" (Section III-B), missing period after "real-time
streaming reconstruction" (Section II-B).

- Also, the markers (asterix an daggers) are given without a note in
Table I
